Blog Post 5: send help, I'm literally obsessed

°❀⋆.ೃ࿔*:･

Hello hello! I've been quite busy with my website-making recently, and I'd say that that's wonderful! Or at least I would, if it weren't for the fact that it's very suddenly taking over everything????

Don't get me wrong here, I LOVE making websites! It's really fun for me, and I've missed it after abandoning it for a few months a while back. It's fun and creative in a different way than music, and I love doing it! However. I haven't been making music these past few days, primarily BECAUSE I've been so deep into playing around with my websites. Frankly, I haven't been doing much of anything! I've been neglecting my main social medias (and NOT in a fun web revival way), I'm behind on content from my favorite creators, and I haven't recorded anything since my last YouTube video.

About said video, a cover of "Heather" by Conan Gray, I posted it on the third - days after I started this website. So, what happened, hm? I HAVE NO IDEA. I went from balancing everything quite well to suddenly spending ALL my time working on this website, as well as a whole other one I made primarily due to my need to make more websites!! I feel like I'm going crazy, both in a good and bad way. I love webcrafting/webmastery/whatever you call this, so I'm really happy to be back to doing it, but I haven't even looked at what my mutuals are up to! (To put this into perspective, I'm normally take a look at what they're doing EVERY SINGLE DAY, and like all their posts every day, even if I don't post anything.) I like the website-making stuff, but this is getting perhaps a tad bit concerning???

I know this stuff is a special interest of mine, it's been long-term and intense enough that I know it, but I'm also currently SO fixated on it that it's taking over everything else. Seriously, my way of complaining about spending too much time making websites is by MAKING A BLOG POST ON ONE OF MY WEBSITES. DO YOU SEE THE ISSUE.

Anyways, I know I'll be okay, I always am. I'll be a bit more normal about this soon enough, by the time my birthday rolls around, at the latest. (January 10th, just so you know.) I wanted to sort of complain, although to be fair, I'm also kind of happy with this. I might not be making as much progress on some projects as I wanted to be, but this is also the most productive I've been in months! I'm also glad to FINALLY have set up my internet brain dump (this website) in just the way I like! I must admit though, at this rate, it seems like my github account is the real internet brain dump? Either way though, despite my complaints, things are looking good. Thanks for reading! <3

- Bailey Lockheart (12/07/2024)