Blog Post 6: Carrd Icons????

°❀⋆.ೃ࿔*:･

Hello hello! I've been working on some other website-y projects, and my most recent one has me VERY excited!!

With most of my websites, I'm making things to show off other things. Places to drop links and talk about whatever I want. I've got this one, my puppy-related one, my art one, and SO many others, but overall, I tend to make things for me that can serve as entertainment at best for anyone else looking at them. Yes, I've made a handful of graphics, and I put some bits of code in my webmastery tools site, but nothing that isn't easy enough to come by or make on your own. HOWEVER.

Today, I've put together something that I think is actually pretty neat, and pretty useful! the site is carrd-icons.netlify.app and it's basically a collection of carrd icons! Specifically, I'm setting them up to be something like a slightly-more-complicated fontawesome? I've been using carrd's icons for a while now, and I'm finally putting them together in a way that makes it much easier to add icons to your website! As of now, you've gotta download a file and such, which I find annoying and would like to fix, but the point still stands that IT WORKS!!!

It's a little messy, and I'm hoping to figure out how to make it even better, but I like it a lot! I've been sitting around and waiting for someone to make something like this, but if anyone did, I couldn't find it, so I did it instead! It's probably not very impressive to people who know more about this stuff than me, but for me, it's enough to be proud of it.

Anyways, I'm aware that this reads a bit like an ad, but honestly, I'm just so happy with it??? I like wasting my day away by tapping on keys and seeing what happens, but I actually feel like I did something productive today! Despite the heavy "click my link" tone I can practically feel myself using, I feel the need to tell someone about the fact that I did something I'm PROUD of, even if it's simple. Because of that, I wanted to share it here. Thanks for reading! <3

- Bailey Lockheart (12/16/2024)